The source code is ISC licensed. The simple and useful ISC license is
registered with and approved by the Open Source Initiative. Here's what
it might look like:

    * Copyright (c) 2012 Some person <s.person@example.org>
    * Copyright (c) 2012 Another person <a.person@example.org>
    *
    * Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for
    * any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the
    * above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

There are many reasons why this license is used here, with these being the
foremost:

    1. It is simple and understandable, which is always good.
    2. It is essentially free from political purposes.
    3. It allows code reuse under more circumstances.
       No commercial and/or closed source alternatives to this
       software exists today, but would be welcome.
    4. The possibility of a commercial broadcasting company viewing the
       ISC licensing terms as a deliberate provocation is extremely small.

Perhaps (4) could use some clarification. The purpose of this software 
is to make downloading content from the video streaming sites of (not 
only) commercial and public service broadcasting companies easy and 
available to the general public. This is indeed legal in many (or most?) 
countries, including Sweden where this project is based. There is also a 
governmental system in place where a percentage of what one pays for 
DVD:s and other writable storage media is distributed to copyright 
holders, to compensate for economic losses attributed to the recording 
or downloading and sharing amongst relatives and close friends of 
copyrighted content made available legally.

Still, this endeavour is sometimes confused with copyright infringement, 
political "piratism" and other non-related issues. Due to this, the 
effort to steer clear of any political purposes become even more 
important, as do the aim of keeping any interests of economic gain or 
anti-commercialism away. 


THE ISC LICENSE AND CODE REUSE
These copyright and permission notices appear in every source code file 
of this project. Though it permits almost anything, please note that you 
are not allowed to remove or modify these notices in any derivative 
works, though you should add your name to the list of copyright holders, 
if you choose to use the same license. 

When reusing ISC licensed code in code distributed under some other 
license, these notices must still be present in the resulting code, 
documentation and binaries where applicable. When copying or reusing 
parts of the code rather than copying whole files, you are required to
also copy these notices.


MIXING WITH OTHER LICENSES
The ISC license is extremely permissive. It allows reusing code in any
open or closed source project. ISC licensed code will peacefully coexist
with code licensed under any other license known, as long as the copyright
and permission notices are neither modified nor removed.

If you reuse this code under a copyleft license like the GPL, please 
appreciate the fact that your GPL licensed improvements to this code, 
though they are indeed open source, cannot be reused in this project 
without it being relicensed. As a copyleft license, the GPL is more
restrictive than the ISC license, and more to the point, it demands
that all source code compiled with GPL licensed code itself is licensed
under the the GPL. Due to the nature of this project, as stated above,
relicensing in such a way would be a bad thing.

We do however like code reuse, and very much so, so please consider dual 
licensing your modifications, whether you use the GPL or any other 
closed or open source license. You can allow this by including a notice 
either in your own source tree, if publicly available, or by sending an 
email to <h-vhs@huggpunkt.org>, allowing the reuse under the ISC license 
of those parts of your code which are based on this project.

If you do grant this project such a permission, also emailing the dual 
licensed code in question would be most helpful, as it would rid us of
any doubts as to which parts of your code you allow use and distribution
under the ISC license of.

This project will always be licensed under the ISC or any functionally
equivalent license, like the "Simplified BSD License".